W-13480270-patch-clarification (#128)
mulesoft/docs-hosting: cloudhub-2/modules/ROOT/pages/ch2-patch-updates.adoc

* US cloud
* EU cloud

== CloudHub 2.0 Infrastructure Updates

> As a container-based platform, CloudHub 2.0 applies security patches as needed to ensure the infrastructure is secure. CloudHub 2.0 backend automatically updates the underlying operating system. Patch updates use rolling upgrade deployment (when selected as the deployment model) and can include operating system changes or changes to internal software. An update rotates, drains, and replaces the underlying hosts gradually to ensure zero downtime when using the Rolling Update deployment model. During the upgrade, the Mule application might be restarted onto a new secure host. If the Mule worker is not running with multiple replicas or is using the Recreate deployment model, it might see slight downtime.

Reviewer: See the changed language here: As a container-based platform, CloudHub 2.0 applies infrastructure fixes and security patches as needed to ensure the infrastructure is secure and update to date. Patch updates use rolling upgrade deployment (when selected as the deployment model) and can include operating system changes or changes to internal software. An update rotates, drains, and replaces the underlying hosts gradually to ensure zero downtime when using the Rolling Update deployment model. During the upgrade, the Mule application might be restarted onto a new secure host. If the Mule worker is not running with multiple replicas or is using the Recreate deployment model, it will experience slight downtime."

Author: ```suggestion
As a container-based platform, CloudHub 2.0 applies infrastructure fixes and security patches as needed to ensure the infrastructure is secure and up to date. Patch updates use rolling upgrade deployment (when selected as the deployment model) and can include operating system changes or changes to internal software. An update rotates, drains, and replaces the underlying hosts gradually to ensure zero downtime when using the Rolling Update deployment model. During the upgrade, the Mule application might be restarted onto a new secure host. If the Mule worker is not running with multiple replicas or is using the Recreate deployment model, it experiences slight downtime.
```

> When a new security patch is available, CloudHub 2.0 includes it in Production environments as the default for new private spaces. The infrastructure patching schedule occurs in the same maintenance window as xref:release-notes::cloudhub-2/cloudhub-2-runtimes-release-notes.adoc[CloudHub 2.0 Runtime patches]. 

Reviewer 2: > The infrastructure patching

The existing infrastructure patching

Author: ```suggestion
When a new security patch is available, CloudHub 2.0 includes it in Production environments as the default for new private spaces. The existing infrastructure patching schedule occurs in the same maintenance window as xref:release-notes::cloudhub-2/cloudhub-2-runtimes-release-notes.adoc[CloudHub 2.0 Runtime patches]. 
```

> When a new security patch is available, CloudHub 2.0 includes it in Production environments as the default for new private spaces. The existing infrastructure patching schedule occurs in the same maintenance window as xref:release-notes::cloudhub-2/cloudhub-2-runtimes-release-notes.adoc[CloudHub 2.0 Runtime patches]. Infrastructure and runtime updates might cause your applications to restart.

Reviewer: When an update is available, CloudHub 2.0 includes it in Production environments as the default for new private spaces. The existing infrastructure patching schedule occurs in the same maintenance window as xref:release-notes::cloudhub-2/cloudhub-2-runtimes-release-notes.adoc[CloudHub 2.0 Runtime patches]. Infrastructure and runtime updates might cause your applications to restart.
